improved content with abstract (#1056)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/syntax/naming.asciidoc

[[cypher-naming]]
= Naming rules and recommendations

[abstract]
--

> Rules and recommendations for the naming of node labels, relationship types, property names, <<cypher-variables, variables>>, indexes, and constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes rules and recommendations for the naming of node labels, relationship types, property names, variables, indexes, and constraints.
```
